Add support for custom mermaid.initialize() options. (#10)
Doreapp/sphinx-mermaid: README.md

]
```

### Config Options

``mermaid_init``

> Set to a dictionary of values to pass to `mermaid.initialize()`. Find more info

Reviewer: Maybe put this on a single line ?

```suggestion
`mermaid_init` can be set as a dictionary of values. 
These will be passed to `mermaid.initialize()`. Find more info
```

at [MermaidJS](https://mermaid.js.org/intro/n00b-syntaxReference.html)

Example:

```python
mermaid_init = {
  'theme': 'base',

>   'themeOptions': {

Reviewer: According to [the doc](https://mermaid.js.org/config/theming.html#customizing-themes-with-themevariables), it is rather `themeVariables`

```suggestion
  'themeVariables': {
```

Author: That's so weird because I swear I copy-pasted the example on that page. But I definitely see "themeVariables" in the docs.
